Massive Entertainment Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy was last updated on 17.9.2007

Massive Entertainment (hereinafter "Massive"), a Swedish company located at Sodra Tullgatan 4 in Malmo, Sweden, respects the privacy of its on-line players and recognizes the importance of providing a secure environment for them. We have adopted a corporate On-Line Privacy Policy (hereinafter "Privacy Policy") that guides how we collect, store, process and use the information you provide us. This Privacy Policy details how Massive safeguards the privacy of its on-line players and does not apply to information that may be collected by Massive off-line or through other websites. By using this website, you accept this Privacy Policy. Please note that when you access other sites via web links located on a Massive website, this Privacy Policy does not apply to, and cannot control the activities on, those other sites. Furthermore, this Privacy Policy may vary from time to time; please consult this document periodically so that you are aware of any changes. The date of the last update, shown at the top of this page, indicates the date of the most recent modifications.

This Privacy Policy will provide  you with the following information:
*	What personal information we may collect and for which purpose 
*	Who collects, processes, and uses your information 
*	How your personal information could be used
*	With whom might we share your information
*	What your rights are regarding the collection, use, and distribution of your personal information 
*	What you should do if you wish to amend or review your personal information 
*	What you should do if you have any questions or complaints 
*	What level of security is applied to your personal information
*	Note to parents 
This Massive Privacy Policy applies to the World in Conflict(TM) on-line service (hereinafter the "Service").

What personal information we may collect and for which purpose

Massive only collects personal information on a voluntary basis. On-line players will be asked to submit information to Massive during the registration phase of the Service. Personal information collected will include your name and your e-mail address. Massive may also provide survey questionnaires and track your address, age, gender and telephone number, information about your playing platform (including PC), the Vivendi games you own and your favorite games in a personally identifiable manner. Massive will also collect various information through the game, such as hardware and peripherals you use and information about your use of the Service, including, but not limited to, information about patches, premium downloads and expansion packs you download, the maps you play, how often and how long you play and communicate with other users and in which faction you play as well as information about your in-game friends. 

We require this information to provide and improve the Service for you. 

Who collects, processes, and uses your information

When you visit a Massive site and you are asked to provide information, you only share this information with Massive except where clearly indicated to the contrary. For the purposes set out above Massive may share your personal information with its affiliates, in particular its parent company Vivendi Games, Inc., a US company adhering to Safe Harbor. Some services are, however, provided in conjunction with partner companies and for the provision of these services, Massive may share your personal information with these partner companies. If a company other than Massive receives your personal data, you will be notified before this operation takes place. In any case, the transfer of personal data to another company will only be carried out with your express authorization.

Please bear in mind that message boards and Internet sites linked to our sites could obtain some of your personal information. We would remind you that Massive's Privacy Policy does not apply to these message boards or to these other sites, as we have no control over their activities. 

How your personal information could be used 

The personal data you submit to Massive allows us to process your access to the Service and, if you wish, to inform you of our new products, updates and/or competitions, promotional offers and special events. 

With your consent, we can also send your personal information to other companies or organisations who offer products which may be of interest to you. 
Finally, we can use your personal data to generate internal statistics for marketing, consumer profiles or demographic research, etc. to tailor our products and services to satisfy your requirements. Our aim is to better understand and serve our clients. 

With whom we may share your information

As a general rule, Massive will not forward your information to a third party without your permission unless required by law. 

What your rights are concerning the collection, use, and distribution of your personal information 

Massive allows you to monitor the way in which we use the personal information we obtain. Any promotional materials which Massive may send to you (e.g. "newsletters" or "information bulletins") contain internal mechanisms that allow us to block their forwarding. If you do not wish to receive any other promotional materials in the future, you can unsubscribe by clicking on the link "unsubscribe" in the e-mail you receive. You can also unsubscribe at any time on-line via your account, by clicking on the "account overview" and "newsletter preferences" and choosing which information or services you wish to cancel. 

You can also send us a letter or an e-mail if you wish to change the way in which we use your personal information, i.e. whether Massive, the parent company or any subsidiary company can send you e-mails or standard mail regarding our products or services. 

You can contact us at the following address: Massive Entertainment, Box 4297, 203 14 Malmo, Sweden or by e-mail at: info@massive.se. Please state which services or publications you no longer wish to receive so that we can respond to your needs more effectively. 

What you should do if you wish to amend or review your personal information

If, for any reason, you are concerned about the way in which we collect your personal information, if you wish to access, amend or correct it, or if you want us to delete it from our servers, you may access your personal data on-line via your account and if you wish to, amend or delete them. Massive will send you a confirmation by e-mail of the deletion of your personal data. You can also contact Massive at Massive Entertainment, Box 4297, 203 14 Malmo, Sweden or by e-mail at: info@massive.se. The deletion of your data will lead to the termination of your account.

What you should do if you have any questions or complaints 

If you have any questions or complaints, please send us an e-mail at the following address: info@massive.se or write a letter to: Massive Entertainment, Box 4297, 203 14 Malmo, Sweden.

What level of security is applied to your personal information

Massive deems it a point of honour that the information you send us should be protected and should remain in its original form, i.e. unaltered. In this respect, access to all private data is very strictly monitored. Furthermore, we will do our utmost to ensure that the third parties to whom we may forward this information provide sufficient guaranties of security with regard to this personal information.

Note to parents: 
We feel under a particular obligation to protect information obtained from young children. We would strongly urge parents to teach their children never to disclose their real name, their address or their telephone number while they are on-line without prior permission. No information should be transmitted to Massive by minors aged 12 years or under. Massive commits to never knowingly processing data provided by minors aged 12 years or under.

Adolescents aged 13-17 years should ask their parents to read our Privacy Policy and to contact us if they would like any information on our guarantee of confidentiality or to comment on the content.

Minors under 18 years of age should not order or subscribe to any paid service on-line without the permission of their parents or guardians. We would ask parents and guardians to be particularly vigilant and to ensure that their minors do not transgress when using our sites or on-line services.

Visiting the Massive Internet sites and using our on-line services indicates your acceptance of Massive's Privacy Policy. If you do not accept this Privacy Policy, please do not visit our Internet sites or use our on-line services.